We can do this together but it is
basically taking some parts of your code
out, and going through and just kinda
dropping it into this command file.
So where does that live?
So here's the default one that
Cypress generates for you,
it's all just commented out.
But you can see that the syntax
is kinda there for you as well,
it's Cypress.commands.add.
And then whatever you wanna do, you'll
see there's a bunch of arguments, right?
Previous subject is like the chaining,
right?
So if we look at the syntax here,
we can see that by default,
the one we had simply takes a function.
So we'd have, in this case they're calling
it login, we called it sign in, right?
And that's expecting two arguments, an
email address and a password, we happen to
have a user object cuz that was just
the dummy data that we had at the time.
This previous subject element means
you could chain off a cy.get, right?
The previous subject being
optional means that it's basically
how it enforces your usage of it,
so on and so forth, right?
And the ability to overwrite existing
commands as well for custom things, right?
So you can drop them in, basically it's
taking the common places in your code,
lifting them, and
then drying out your tests, right?
And there's some philosophical
debate here, right?
Like your test should be explicit, and
sometimes explicitness comes
at the cost of dryness, right?
You don't need clever abstractions
in your test code when things aren't
working, right?
You need to see things.
That said,
I think we can come to the agreement that,
if I have a command called signin,
I'm not losing a lot
of explicitness for
what I'm gaining, right?
It's pretty, pretty close.
I would warn you not to get carried
away here, but train that sense of,
yeah, I'm doing these three steps over and
over and over again as well.
So let's just look at some commands
that we have in place, and
kinda see, and
just kind of an example, right?
So the signin, signup are literally
from that last set of tests that we had,
just lifted, and
put in a command called signin and signup,
effectively the same code,
just copy and pasted.
Some of the things you
could do if you wanted to,
this is a little too simple to
be totally honest with you.
If you get tired of typing data-test,
cuz that was a decision to call
a data-test we decided on.
Some you can see it data-Cypress, data-cy,
could be things that are existing in your
code based from previous test runner.
But we could add getData where
we just pass in the attribute.
A more sophisticated version might
take also additional selectors,
like we had unpacked items and
then an ally, right?
This isn't really,
you tack a .find onto it.
I could rework the implementation here
to the point where it works better, but
it was hard for
you to look at and understand.
I decided I don't wanna do that to you.
So but to show you the idea
that you can kind of create and
put abstractions over other commands and
do stuff that you need to do,
you can even override
it which I wouldn't do.
But you can have
additional things as well.
This is one, this is very specific to
whatever framework that you're using.
This is one that I was using for a while
as I was developing, which is different
frameworks that have a certain amount
of SSR, server-side rendering.
They have a place where the page
loads some HTML, right?
And I think echo chamber,
a few of the apps totally work
with JavaScript disabled.
But I think the secret menu item
where it's filtering on the fly, and
not submitting a form or
anything like that didn't, right?
So certain frameworks will, I think
next does it a little bit differently.
A spell kit fires a spell kit:start
event when the JavaScript is loaded.
So if you wanted to say, hey, for
this thing, I want to wrap this promise
that will resolve when that event fires,
you could do that.
I left this one in here,
mostly cuz there's just a few other
things to kind of talk about here.
And again, the chances that you'll
need any of these it's pretty low, but
if you do, then I helped you.
[LAUGH] So we can kind of talk
about them for a second which is,
we wrap a promise, right?
Which gives us a chaining ability, and
then the idea that you have the window
object that you can access, right?
And we're just putting an event
listener on the window, and
then we're resolving the promise, and
that's still giving us our Cypress
changes, so we can do like cy.waitforapp.
And then whatever we want to do next,
right?
That's really it, but the idea that you
have the window object available to you,
the idea that you can wait for
a promise to resolve,
and then move forward with your tests,
are all different things that you can do.
>> All right, could you talk about or
show an example of how you might use this?
Would this be like something you could,
is there a way in before each to
await a promise to resolve, or
would you wrap everything
in a then block or?
>> Yeah, I think I deleted that code cuz
it's just one of things I cut preparing,
but effectively, Mocha and just out
of the box, if you return a promise
out of the before each, it will hold and
wait for that promise to resolve.
So honestly, all I did when I was gonna,
eventually just turned server-side
rendering off cuz that was not
the situation that just to
deal with this workshop.
But basically in the before each,
I basically returned cy.waitforapp, right?
And so that would wait for
the JavaScript to load, and
then it would do all the stuff
on that page, right?
I eventually decided that was just
a little bit too much complexity for
us right now, but I left it in here
because you can see the window and
the stuff like that.
But yeah, you could just return it and
then before each would kind of wait for
the app to start before every test,
before it did everything else.
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Yeah, no problem.
It seems that I left it in, [LAUGH] cool.
So yeah, we can have all of these kind
of in place and begin to refactor.
So let's actually grab these,
especially the,
I'm gonna grab these three
that were actually in use.
Again, these are effectively just things
that we could have in our code base that
we could just begin to pull out.
So the act of copy and
pasting is most likely the way that
they would end up in this file.
Now, you can see that Cypress, this is
something available, the Cypress object,
as opposed to just a lowercase cy, is
an object where you can read and change.
There's a cypress.config,
where you can read the configuration and
adjust it like, I need longer
timeouts longer than four seconds for
this file, and then I need whatever you
need to do, you can change it on the fly.
This file is not actually all that
special, support.index.js is loaded,
and you can see that it's
loading commands, right?
Which is just adding
the commands onto the object.
There's not really any
secrets around this file,
if there are other things that you
needed to do, this will get called.
And then whatever other
files that you require,
stuff along the way can kind
of be branched out from here.
And if you need to change the support
file and the options to a different file,
you can do all of that.
This is just a file that kind of gets
loaded to add additional functionality,
and it's pulling in commands.
So we have these commands in place.
So now, what we should be able to do,
is kind of go into this file,
and begin to effectively refactor it
in my favorite style of refactoring.
Watch.
[LAUGH] Right,
this now becomes cy.signUp(user), right?
Signup.
SignUp with the user.
SignIn with the user, right?
Still, we're still gonna have the problem
where we go through the process of
the test run and stuff doing all of this.
But now we can basically take all
the times that we have these three
lines of code,
replace it with a simple function that is
arguably even more descriptive, right?
And this we'll go ahead and
we'll visit the page, and do everything
we need to do as well, and so our tests
become, they sign up, then they sign in.
And maybe your process is like when they
sign up they get redirected totally.
Mostly that does not happen
in this application, so
that I could make exercises for
you to do, [LAUGH] right?
So then we can make sure that it
has the right path name, right?
And so we can kind of do each one of
these but we can basically start to cut
down on that code, so
this becomes a lot simpler as well.
In this case it's also,
All right, so
now what was that long file before?
That was like randomizing a username and
leaving the database a mess.
And doing all these repetitive steps
is a lot simpler, it's easy to go like,
they reset the database before you signup,
and they signup and they signin.
And they should be at the page, and
then email should be on the page right on,
right?
You wanna get to the point
where your tests are readable.
And so this is one of the ways that
help us get there as well, right?
And like I said, even when we say like
getData, you can make any command that you
need for anything you find
repetitive in your code base.